Bar Chart
  Make the last month on the x-axis the actual current month

Key Metrics
  Ahhh...now we come to a decision. We need the number of open issues displayed on this page.
  But we have our List Issue in our Issue page's model! What to do?
  Now I realize why we start with one giant Model Update View and wait to see how our app will
   evolve before deciding how to decompose it.
  Several ways to handle this:
    Re-fetch List Issue. Make sure they stay synced
    Move List Issue up the Model hierarchy.

  My thoughts on the best way to handle this situtation: 
    Stick to ONE SOURCE OF TRUTH!
    We will move our List Issue up to the highest level and store it in a Union Type that can re-
     present multiple states (NotAsked | Loading | Failure e | Success a) et. al Kris Jenkins.
    We will kick off the fetching of the Issues data in our Router, basically when we navigate to
     either Issues page or Key Metrics page AND we have not fetched it yet (anything besides 
     Success a state)
    Then, we will insert our List Issue as an extra parameter in KeyMetrics.view and Issues.view

  I like this pattern though:
    Decompose into distince Pages w/ their own Model Update View
    When data needs to be shared among pages, move it up the hierarchy
Geospatial
  TODO
    When User clicks on a row, zoom in on corresponding City in Google Maps
      When User clicks again, go back to default zoom (zoom lv to fit US)
    Change zoom lv depending on window size
    Style arrows so they are smaller

Issues
  TODO
    Lock filter form area and table header so User can see columns while they are scrolling down
    Allow Users to filter issues by
      All
      Open
      Closed
  Later improvements:
    Add 2?/4? calendar widgets so Users can filter by
      Submission Timestamp
      Closed Timestamp
      Is there a better way UI pattern o use here?
        Users need to be able to define intervals for both submission and closed timestamps
        Sliders?
        Text?


